[DOC] Update index and java for Alloy (#3272)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-client/grafana-agent/go_pull.md

# Set up Go profiling in pull mode

> In pull mode, the collector, whether Grafana Alloy or Grafana Agent (legacy), periodically retrieves profiles from Golang applications, specifically targeting the

Reviewer: Do you want to add a `(preferred)` here too for consistency? Or... do we need to call out `(preferred)` and `(legacy)` after the first definition (eg you could define it on line 12 and then just use Alloy/Agent everywhere else)?

Author: I think earlier and maybe once per procedure section? People might skip to the relevant sections.

Reviewer: Ah good point

Author: ```suggestion
In pull mode, the collector, whether Grafana Alloy (preferred) or Grafana Agent (legacy), periodically retrieves profiles from Golang applications, specifically targeting the
```

`/debug/pprof/*` endpoints.

To set up Golang profiling in pull mode, you need to:

1. Expose pprof endpoints

> 2. Install a collector, either Grafana Alloy (preferred) or Grafana Agent

Reviewer: Same question nere... this spot missed `(legacy)`, but I'm thinking both could be dropped once it's stated up at the top of the topic.

> 2. Install a collector, either Grafana Alloy (preferred) or Grafana Agent

Author: ```suggestion
2. Install a collector, either Grafana Alloy (preferred) or Grafana Agent (legacy)
```

    import _ "github.com/grafana/pyroscope-go/godeltaprof/http/pprof"
    ```

### Install the collector

[//]: # (TODO&#40;korniltsev&#41; What should go here?)

This procedure can be used with either Grafana Alloy or Grafana Agent collector.

> The collector sends data to Pyroscope using an example River configuration file.

Reviewer: This is only true for Agent.  Alloy uses the `Alloy configuration syntax` or  `Alloy configuration file`.

Author: What should we stay instead here?

Author: How is this?
```suggestion
You can use the sample collector configuration file to send data to Pyroscope.
```

Reviewer: Maybe just drop `River`... and say `The collector sends data to Pyroscope using an example configuration file.`

    }

    ```

3. Save the changes to the file.

### Start the collector

1. Start a local Pyroscope instance for testing purposes:
    ```bash
    docker run -p 4040:4040 grafana/pyroscope
    ```

2. Start the collector:

>   * To start Grafana Alloy, replace `configuration.alloy` with your configuration file name: <br> `alloy run configuration.alloy`

Author: Is this correct? 
```suggestion
  * To start Grafana Alloy, replace `configuration.alloy` with your configuration file name: <br> `alloy run --stability.level=public-preview configuration.alloy`
    For more information about `stability.level`, refer to [The run command](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/reference/cli/run/#permitted-stability-levels) documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes it is required for using `pyroscope.scrape`: https://github.com/grafana/alloy/blob/579fd4faa684c7ca3be8ecfad95ff0fd297a3fbe/internal/component/pyroscope/scrape/scrape.go#L39-L40

Author: I updated the suggestion with your explanation. Thank you.

### Exposing pprof endpoints

If you don't use `http.DefaultServeMux`, you can register `/debug/pprof/*` handlers to your own `http.ServeMux`:

```go
var mux *http.ServeMux
mux.Handle("/debug/pprof/", http.DefaultServeMux)
```

Or, if you use gorilla/mux:

```go
var router *mux.Router
router.PathPrefix("/debug/pprof").Handler(http.DefaultServeMux)
```

## References

> ### Grafana Alloy

Reviewer: These links below will all be in one line... is that on purpose?

Author: I'll fix that. Unintended.

> [Grafana Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/)
> [pyroscope.scrape](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.scrape/)
> [pyroscope.write](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.write/)
> [discovery.kubernetes](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.kubernetes/)
> [discovery.docker](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.docker/)
> [discovery.relabel](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.relabel/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Grafana Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/)
- [pyroscope.scrape](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.scrape/)
- [pyroscope.write](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.write/)
- [discovery.kubernetes](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.kubernetes/)
- [discovery.docker](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.docker/)
- [discovery.relabel](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.relabel/)

```

### Grafana Agent

> [Example using grafana-agent](https://github.com/grafana/pyroscope/tree/main/examples/grafana-agent-auto-instrumentation).
> [pyroscope.scrape](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.scrape/)
> [pyroscope.write](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.write/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Example using grafana-agent](https://github.com/grafana/pyroscope/tree/main/examples/grafana-agent-auto-instrumentation).
- [pyroscope.scrape](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.scrape/)
- [pyroscope.write](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.write/)
```

Author: I'll fix the other ones underneath this too.

### Exposing pprof endpoints

If you don't use `http.DefaultServeMux`, you can register `/debug/pprof/*` handlers to your own `http.ServeMux`:

```go
var mux *http.ServeMux
mux.Handle("/debug/pprof/", http.DefaultServeMux)
```

Or, if you use gorilla/mux:

```go
var router *mux.Router
router.PathPrefix("/debug/pprof").Handler(http.DefaultServeMux)
```

## References

### Grafana Alloy

- [Grafana Alloy](https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/)
- [pyroscope.scrape](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.scrape/)
- [pyroscope.write](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.write/)
- [discovery.kubernetes](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.kubernetes/)
- [discovery.docker](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.docker/)
- [discovery.relabel](/docs/alloy/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.relabel/)

### Grafana Agent

- [Example using grafana-agent](https://github.com/grafana/pyroscope/tree/main/examples/grafana-agent-auto-instrumentation).
- [pyroscope.scrape](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.scrape/)
- [pyroscope.write](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/pyroscope.write/)

> [discovery.kubernetes](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.kubernetes/)
> [discovery.docker](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.docker/)
> [discovery.relabel](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.relabel/)

Author: ```suggestion
- [discovery.kubernetes](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.kubernetes/)
- [discovery.docker](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.docker/)
- [discovery.relabel](/docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/discovery.relabel/)
```
